Generic test journal

10/24/16
On thursday and friday I found some new code and somewhat understood it
for my tic tac toe game.

Monday through Wednesday will be spent understanding the code and thursday
and friday will likely be spent create music from piezos for the game and  
winning and losing sounds for it.

10/28/16
This week I was able to come up with a concept regarding how I am going to build on the physical layer and will continue working on the weekend.
On monday I May have wasted a bit of time messing with dirtycow (ON a virtual machine of course)
On tuesday I did a bit of work and planned out how it would look on the physical layer
On wednesday I tried editing the code, I failed
On thursday I was able to recieve a arduino from you and did work that night and was able to kind of figure out exactly how it should be created
Today is friday and I haven't started anything yet.... (5 minutes into class.)


I will make my project visually appealing by getting cardboard and creating a frame for my project so someone can't see the wiring

When I connect a battery will likely be this coming tuesday or wednesday.

11/1/16
Batteries will likely be delayed.... I had to create a new project as opposed to my old one because the previous one proved too complicated. I attempted making it several times and each time it failed to work.
Due to that you probably already know my project does NOT reflect a month's worth of work *annoys me* as I am trying something else. I am going to create my code for it today and come in after school on Wednesday so I can finish it in time and make sure it is of acceptable
quality.
I should have not done tic tac toe in the first place, but it looked quite simple initially until I started getting into it. Wish I had done my current idea from the start which is far simpler.
I may not have time for PCB, but I will try to make some for it. Perhaps I could bring my project home on Wednesday and solder it there.

11/7/16
My description was spot on for the most part and I was able to finish in time.
I could have used my time more effectively by attempting an easier project compared to tic tac toe. I should have stopped work on the project as soon as I failed to find an easy way of doing it.

11/8/16
We edited the code of our Arduino Project, the Cyclone game, in one major way. We changed the timing of the button so that it progresses faster than the original code and in effect adds an additional challenge.
Besides that everything was more or less left the same unles edits needed to be made to deal with the increase in speed.

11/9/16
The way I developed the code was taking it off an instructable, studying it and breaking it down and making edits I felt were needed based on the initial difficulty of the game.
An insight I had was that while playing I noticed that it was far too easy to win so I had to change the timing for the LEDs so it presented a bigger challenge.
I did not recognize any patterns except for the consant use of delays throughout the code.

11/10/16
Coding wise I learned that it is much easier to break sections of code down into their own seperate areas allowing one to understand how each piece of code connects with each other. For example: the code called for a function that looked for the button to be pressed when the red LED was on. Once pressed it would reduce the delay of the lights and thus increase the difficulty with each successful button press.
I learned that you must be patient on the protyping process and that waiting until the last moment is sure to backfire as I saw with multiple of my peers. Our prototype transfered to PCB really easily. The significant change was that we were able to chain all of our grounds together on PCB where on prototype we could not.




